c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.dll.config
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.pdb
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.pdb
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\irmaka\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MmsApi\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.dll.config
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\MmsDb.pdb
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.dll
C:\Users\irmaka\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MMS\MmsDb\obj\Debug\MmsDb.pdb
